{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 \uc0\u8222{}Body fat percentage bfp jelent\uc0\u233{}se magyarul\uc0\u8239{}\uc0\u187{} DictZone Angol-Magy\uc0\u8230{}\uc0\u8221{}. El\uc0\u233{}r\uc0\u233{}s 2021. december 2. https://dictzone.com/angol-magyar-szotar/body%20fat%20percentage%20bfp.\
\uc0\u8222{}Definition of Orthotopic - NCI Dictionary of Cancer Terms - National Cancer Institute\uc0\u8221{}. NciAppModulePage, 2011. febru\uc0\u225{}r 2. Nciglobal,ncienterprise. https://www.cancer.gov/publications/dictionaries/cancer-terms/def/orthotopic.\
Ecker, Brett L., Jun Y. Lee, Christopher J. Sterner, Aaron C. Solomon, Dhruv K. Pant, Fei Shen, Javier Peraza, \uc0\u233{}s mtsai. \uc0\u8222{}Impact of obesity on breast cancer recurrence and minimal residual disease\uc0\u8221{}. {\i{}Breast Cancer Research} 21, sz. 1 (2019. m\uc0\u225{}rcius 13.): 41. https://doi.org/10.1186/s13058-018-1087-7.\
\uc0\u8222{}Fasting hyperglycemia: etiology, diagnosis, and treatment - PubMed\uc0\u8221{}. El\uc0\u233{}r\uc0\u233{}s 2021. december 2. https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/15321011/.\
Goldfarb, Justin M., \uc0\u233{}s J. Pippen. \uc0\u8222{}Inflammatory Breast Cancer: The Experience of Baylor University Medical Center at Dallas\uc0\u8221{}. {\i{}Proceedings}, 2011. https://doi.org/10.1080/08998280.2011.11928688.\
Z\uc0\u225{}dory Rendel\uc0\u337{}. \uc0\u8222{}Gy\uc0\u243{}gyszeres ter\uc0\u225{}pia\uc0\u8221{}, 2011. okt\uc0\u243{}ber 10. https://www.zadoryrendelo.hu/terapiak/gyogyszeres-terapia/.\
Ian J. Roney, Adam D. Rudner, Jean-Fran\uc0\u231{}ois Couture, \uc0\u233{}s Mads K\uc0\u230{}rn. \uc0\u8222{}Improvement of the reverse tetracycline transactivator by single amino acid substitutions that reduce leaky target gene expression to undetectable levels | Scientific Reports\uc0\u8221{}. El\uc0\u233{}r\uc0\u233{}s 2021. december 2. https://www.nature.com/articles/srep27697.\
\uc0\u8222{}Mann\uc0\u8211{}Whitney {\i{}U} Test\uc0\u8221{}. In {\i{}Wikipedia}, 2021. november 27. https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mann%E2%80%93Whitney_U_test&oldid=1057381220.\
\uc0\u8222{}Mann\uc0\u8211{}Whitney-pr\uc0\u243{}ba\uc0\u8221{}. In {\i{}Wikip\uc0\u233{}dia}, 2021. m\uc0\u225{}jus 19. https://hu.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mann%E2%80%93Whitney-pr%C3%B3ba&oldid=23879869.\
\uc0\u8222{}Mi\uc0\u233{}rt hasznos az adiponektin szint meghat\uc0\u225{}roz\uc0\u225{}sa?\uc0\u8221{} El\uc0\u233{}r\uc0\u233{}s 2021. december 2. https://www.endokrinkozpont.hu/hirek/miert-hasznos-az-adiponektin-szint-meghatarozasa.\
Moody, Susan, Christopher Sarkisian, Kristina Hahn, Edward Gunther, Steven Pickup, Katherine Dugan, Nathalie Innocent, Robert Cardiff, Mitchell Schnall, \uc0\u233{}s Lewis Chodosh. \uc0\u8222{}Conditional activation of Neu in the mammary epithelium of transgenic mice results in reversible pulmonary metastasis\uc0\u8221{}. {\i{}Cancer cell} 2 (2003. janu\uc0\u225{}r 1.): 451\uc0\u8211{}61. https://doi.org/10.1016/S1535-6108(02)00212-X.\
\uc0\u8222{}Mouse Mammary Tumor Virus - an overview | ScienceDirect Topics\uc0\u8221{}. El\uc0\u233{}r\uc0\u233{}s 2021. december 2. https://www.sciencedirect.com/topics/medicine-and-dentistry/mouse-mammary-tumor-virus.\
\uc0\u8222{}Oncogenes - an overview | ScienceDirect Topics\uc0\u8221{}. El\uc0\u233{}r\uc0\u233{}s 2021. december 2. https://www.sciencedirect.com/topics/neuroscience/oncogenes.\
\uc0\u8222{}Seqomics Kft.\uc0\u8221{} El\uc0\u233{}r\uc0\u233{}s 2021. december 2. http://www.seqomics.hu/hun/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=7&Itemid=109.\
\uc0\u8222{}TetR\uc0\u8221{}. In {\i{}Wikipedia}, 2021. janu\uc0\u225{}r 13. https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=TetR&oldid=1000114640.\
\uc0\u8222{}Tuleles_20190327.pdf\uc0\u8221{}. El\uc0\u233{}r\uc0\u233{}s 2021. december 2. https://semmelweis.hu/kutlab/files/2019/03/Tuleles_20190327.pdf.\
User, Super. \uc0\u8222{}Relapszus\uc0\u8221{}. Intima.hu - tematikus n\uc0\u337{}gy\uc0\u243{}gy\uc0\u225{}szati port\uc0\u225{}l a n\uc0\u337{}k intim v\uc0\u233{}delm\uc0\u233{}re. El\uc0\u233{}r\uc0\u233{}s 2021. december 2. https://www.intima.hu/intim-szotar/relapszus.\
\uc0\u8222{}Varianciaanal\uc0\u237{}zis\uc0\u8221{}. In {\i{}Wikip\uc0\u233{}dia}, 2020. m\uc0\u225{}jus 14. https://hu.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Varianciaanal%C3%ADzis&oldid=22627514.\
}